[DOC] Add a Contributing Guide (#102)
rapidsai/nx-cugraph: CONTRIBUTING.md

    to learn how to setup the development environment. # FIXME ADD THIS SECTION
2. Find an issue to work on. [Issues](https://github.com/rapidsai/nx-cugraph/issues)
    or [help wanted](https://github.com/rapidsai/nx-cugraph/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) labels
3. Comment on the issue saying you are going to work on it.
4. Code! Make sure to update unit tests!
5. When done, [create your pull request](https://github.com/rapidsai/nx-cugraph/compare).
6. Verify that CI passes all [status checks](https://help.github.com/articles/about-status-checks/), or fix if needed.
7. Wait for other developers to review your code and update code as needed.
8. Once reviewed and approved, a RAPIDS developer will merge your pull request.

Remember, if you are unsure about anything, don't hesitate to comment on issues and ask for clarifications!

## Building and Installing From Source
These instructions are tested on supported versions/distributions of Linux,
CUDA, and Python - See [RAPIDS Getting Started](https://rapids.ai/start.html)
for the list of supported environments.  Other environments _might be_

> compatible, but are not currently tested.
> 
> Prerequisites:
> __CUDA:__
> * CUDA 11.8+
> * NVIDIA GPU, Volta architecture or later, with [compute capability](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-gpus) 7.0+
> 
> Further details and download links for these prerequisites are available on the
> [RAPIDS System Requirements page](https://docs.rapids.ai/install#system-req).

Reviewer: I think it might be better to avoid trying to keep up with the often changing RAPIDS-wide requirements for CUDA and instead just direct readers to the RAPIDS docs for that, which always seem to be kept up-to-date:
```suggestion
compatible, but are not currently tested. Further details about requirements are described in the [RAPIDS System Requirements page](https://docs.rapids.ai/install#system-req).
```

```

By default, pre-commit runs on staged files only, meaning only on changes that
are about to be committed. To run pre-commit checks on all files, execute:

```bash
pre-commit run --all-files
```

To skip the checks temporarily, use `git commit --no-verify` or its short form
`-n`.

_Note_: If the auto-formatters' changes affect each other, you may need to go
through multiple iterations of `git commit` and `git add -u`.

<!-- nx-cugraph also uses [codespell](https://github.com/codespell-project/codespell) to find spelling
mistakes, and this check is run as part of the pre-commit hook. To apply the suggested spelling
fixes, you can run  `codespell -i 3 -w .` from the command-line in the nx-cugraph root directory.
This will bring up an interactive prompt to select which spelling fixes to apply.

If you want to ignore errors highlighted by codespell you can:
 * Add the word to the ignore-words-list in pyproject.toml, to exclude for all of cuML
 * Exclude the entire file from spellchecking, by adding to the `exclude` regex in .pre-commit-config.yaml
 * Ignore only specific lines as shown in https://github.com/codespell-project/codespell/issues/1212#issuecomment-654191881

-->

> ### Summary of pre-commit hooks

Reviewer: I don't have a strong opinion, but it might be better in the long run to just mention the yaml file that contains the checks (which you did) and remove the more detailed descriptions of each check, since it seems likely to go stale.  I think the most important things contributors should know was already mentioned: how to install and run pre-check, and where the list of checks are.

Author: I like that idea. Less things to maintain is good. Pushed the change.
